{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green89\blue153;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c16078\c43137\c66667;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35080\viewh19580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \cf0 The attached code files underpin the publication \
\
\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Separating planetary reflex Doppler shifts from stellar variability in the \'a0wavelength domain\'94, accepted 2 May 2021 for publication in MNRAS.\
\
The main file is the self-documenting Jupyter notebook SCALPELS_Solar_MNRAS.ipynb.\
A human-readable version of the file SCALPELS_Solar_MNRAS.html may be viewed in any browser.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 This notebook generates all figures and tables published in Collier Cameron et al 2021, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/2011.00018"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://arxiv.org/abs/2011.00018}}\cb1 \
\cb2 \
The dataset on which it operates is contained in the pickle file 'CCFdata_daily_15min.pkl' which may be accessed at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.17630/9ec51274-cbea-445f-b188-112f4734c6e9"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://doi.org/10.17630/9ec51274-cbea-445f-b188-112f4734c6e9}} .\cb1 \
\cb2 \
To run this notebook ... Install an up-to-date version python3 (version 3.7 or later), e.g., {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/}}\cb1 \
\cb2 \
The notebook uses routines from the numpy, matplotlib, and pickle packages.\cb1 \
\cb2 \
It also uses function definitions from the scalpels_public.py and pyBGLS.py packages supplied with this notebook. All PDF output from the notebook is written\
to files in the folder CCFdata_daily_15min.\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
All data used in the paper are contained in a single file \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CCFdata_daily_15min.pkl\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 in python pickle format. It may be unpacked into arrays using the command:\
\
import pickle\
with open(\'91\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CCFdata_daily_15min.pkl\'92\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
,\'92rb') as ccfile:\
    ccfpkl,errpkl,badpkl,bjdpkl,rvbpkl,rvhpkl,rvepkl,bervpkl,sn60pkl,qualpkl,vcorpkl,btohpkl,vel = pickle.load(ccfile)\
\
The arrays contain the following information:\
\
ccfpkl	2d real array, dimension nrow x ncol. Each row contains a single cross-correlation function (CCF)\
errpkl	2d real array, dimension nrow x ncol. Each row contains CCF uncertainties in same units as CCF.\
badpkl	2d integer array, dimension nrow x ncol. Each row contains bad-data flags. 0 denotes good data.\
bjdpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. Barycentric julian date at mid-observation.\
rvbpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. HARPS-N DRS barycentric radial velocity in km/s.\
rvhpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. HARPS-N DRS heliocentric radial velocity in km/s.\
rvepkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. HARPS-N DRS uncertainty in radial velocity in km/s.\
bervpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. HARPS-N DRS correction to instrumental radial velocity in km/s for observer motion relative to solar system barycentre.\
sn60pkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. HARPS-N DRS signal-to-noise ratio of extracted spectrum in order 60.\
qualpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. Probability that data are unaffected by partial cloud obcuration of solar disc (1=good).\
vcorpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. Correction to be added to HARPS-N DRS velocity to correct for differential extinction.\
btohpkl	1d real array, dimension nrow. Correction to be added to barycentric velocity to obtain heliocentric velocity.\
vel		1d real array, dimension nvel. Velocity in km/s at the centre of each CCF column.\
\
Note that these data are pre-selected to include only times of day when vcorpkl is less than 10^-4 km/s (10 cm/s), so\
the correction is neither needed nor applied in the accompanying code.\
\
\
}